<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
	<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
	<title></title>
	<meta name="generator" content="LibreOffice 7.3.7.2 (Linux)"/>
	<meta name="created" content="00:00:00"/>
	<meta name="changed" content="2023-08-13T12:42:26.634599561"/>
	<style type="text/css">
		@page { size: 21cm 29.7cm; margin-left: 2cm; margin-right: 1cm; margin-top: 1cm; margin-bottom: 1cm }
		p { line-height: 115%; margin-bottom: 0.25cm; background: transparent }
		h3 { margin-top: 0.25cm; margin-bottom: 0.21cm; background: transparent; page-break-after: avoid }
		h3.western { font-family: "Liberation Serif", serif; font-size: 14pt; font-weight: bold }
		h3.cjk { font-family: "Noto Serif CJK SC"; font-size: 14pt; font-weight: bold }
		h3.ctl { font-family: "Lohit Devanagari"; font-size: 14pt; font-weight: bold }
	</style>
</head>
<body lang="en-IN" link="#000080" vlink="#800000" dir="ltr"><h3 class="western" align="center">
Hi there! My name is Swaroop Bhagwat and I'm currently a student
pursuing a degree in Information Technology at Mumbai University.</h3>
<p><br/>
# ðŸ’« About Me: Hi there! My name is Swaroop Bhagwat, and
I'm currently a third-year Information Technology student with a
passion for development. I have always been interested in technology
and how it can be used to make people's lives easier and solve real
world problems. I have been learning various front-end technologies
such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and React to create dynamic and
interactive user interfaces. I have also been exploring back-end
technologies such as Node.js and Express.js to create robust and
scalable server-side applications. In my free time, I enjoy attending
tech events, learning and connecting with others in the industry and
as a creative part I love composing music. I am excited about the
possibilities that a career in IT can offer and am eager to see where
my skills and interests will take me. <br/>
<br/>
# ðŸ“Š GitHub
Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=SWAROOPBHAGWAT&amp;theme=dark&amp;hide_border=false&amp;include_all_commits=true&amp;count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=SWAROOPBHAGWAT&amp;theme=dark&amp;hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=SWAROOPBHAGWAT&amp;theme=dark&amp;hide_border=false&amp;include_all_commits=true&amp;count_private=true&amp;layout=compact)
</p>
<p><br/>
<br/>

</p>
<p><br/>
<br/>

</p>
<p>#Hi there! I am Asad Sayyad from Second Year  Information Technoly
from DBIT . I am very passionate about learning new skills of
technology . I have been skilling up my programming knowledge by
learning new language such as Python, C , C++, JAVA and also working
on problem solving techniques. Currenly I am working on my core
subjects and then will come to know where my interests goes.</p>
</body>
</html>